How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
It showed me only a modified lines, so it was a lot easier to find a bug.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?
It would allow me to easily revert any changes I made to test something and to easily
find a bug if something went wrong.

What do you thing are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create
a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like
Google Docs does? 
Pros of manually choosing when to create a commit is that every commit can have
a logical purpose what make easier to find out what each commit do. Cons is that
it have to be done manually so it depend on user whenever it works or not. Pros
of using a automatically saved versions is that we don't have to control it. Cons
is that each version probably doesn't have sens except the last ones.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
It's because Git is meant for programming I mean that when you create a program
u can work on one feature which is located in multiple files. On the other hand
version controls like Google Docs are saving automatically files so in most cases
we can't say what feature was modified so there is no way to connect each changes
in the files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
I can use the command git log to view history of commits and messages assigned to
them. I also can view the number of insertions and deletions by using additional
argument --stat. I can use command git diff to see differences between each commits.
It can help me to find a bug or to better understand what was changed.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could
break something?
When I use version control I more confident to make changes that could break
something because if something goes wrong I always be able to go back to a previous
version of the files. I can revert files to a working version just by using id
of the working commit.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I want to use it on my projects!!!!!! (Or on work)